Hey Tomic wanna go to North Africa wanna
go fishing
sonic we're all gonna be caught a live
one hey Mahmoud wanna go pick off tail
God hey wanna go get married the year
sonic take Amy to be your wife oh hi
what are we creepypasta the screen
slowly begins to zoom in on his face by
slow I mean it's only noticeable if you
look at shots 10 seconds apart side by
side his saw powder powder more fun and
anger which is a bit as if it twisted on
it Hey Tomic funny you tell her all day
oh my god Hey bobak what a play role
reversal now wait that it okay baby from
hey father wanna go Vivid knuckle a meme
on the Emerald men no girls are gonna go
get a beer
sword the medieval times water don't be
the princess oh yeah get your Abbey bug
pulled up of I open the screen slowly
begins into the screen slowly begins to
zoom in on his face by slow I mean it's
only noticeable if you look at shots
fuck